Remember from previous videos that passwords are a poor way to prove someone's identity.
They're easily shared, written down,
and often leaked plus there are so many to remember.
The solution is to use a password manager.
Password managers are encrypted vaults that hold your passwords,
so you don't need to memorize them or write them down.
Besides keeping your identity,
credentials, and sensitive data safe,
a password manager can generate strong unique passwords to
ensure you aren't reusing them across your devices, websites, and services.
This way you can use a much longer, complex,
and ultimately more secure password.
An additional benefit with
many password managers is that you can use multi-factor authentication,
or MFA with them.
Common password management applications include LastPass,
Keepass, 1password, and Dashlane.
Some of these are free and some may require
paid subscription and are quickly becoming the main part of security best practices.
The intent of this exercise was to give you the opportunity to test
a password manager to understand how it fits as a part of security best practices.
You'll have the further opportunity to use a password manager in a later exercise.